Kevin Kaspar: Very quick.
Kevin Kaspar: and then I'll let you out on time.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright, are we recording?
Kevin Kaspar: No, not yet. No, I think I just hit it a little bit toward us.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, guys, we're starting right now, Dave, can you shut the door?
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: Captain Fire. We're going through what you need to cover tomorrow in your ride before the ride presentation. Remember that we're gonna have our guest, Jake.
Kevin Kaspar: to give you feedback, which has never happened before, which is really cool. So I wanna make sure you guys are prepared. Remember, from Jcbd, part 4 when I did understanding your customers part 4, the final series in the lecture series.
Kevin Kaspar: I went through this. So these are the the same slides that I showed you in Jtv. Part 4. I'm just reminding you. So go watch that workshop if you need a refresher. I gave it to you in week 2.
Kevin Kaspar: Watch it again while you're making this, but this is from that presentation.
Kevin Kaspar: What we're asking you to share for why, before the why one to 3 formal Jtbe statements that each represent a cluster, remember, from back to the stars. We had our 3 clusters, and each one had a job. Speed on statement.
Kevin Kaspar: Each of those statements means nothing without evidence.
Kevin Kaspar: So it's really important that each one is supported by detailed evidence. What do you mean? What do you mean by detailed evidence
Kevin Kaspar: for each Jtbd statement? You'll have a summary of the 4 purposes just high level, like, what are the forces you saw in that cluster in aggregate? These are all summaries of the interviews that are in that cluster
Kevin Kaspar: the motivations. So the energies, functional, emotional, and social
Kevin Kaspar: competitors for this specific segment. What is this group group currently doing to solve this struggle
Kevin Kaspar: and quotes to pull out a few quotes that support that cluster.
Kevin Kaspar: What are they currently like the people you interviewed? What are they currently using? If you interview your own customers. So they're currently using you, what did they switch from?
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? So that is there. Nothing is in an answer. By the way.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, not. There are competitors. So I challenge you. So that should be in your report. What you're going to present is different than the full. Why, before the why, before the why should have all of this for each of your clusters, whether you have 1, 2, or 3 clusters.
Kevin Kaspar: But what you're gonna present you only will have 4 min. So you're just gonna pick the top 2 or 3 insights that you gained from this. So you guys should have a slide or a few slides like your slides could be separate from your why, before the why that you submit, or you can have the full presentation, and then you just go through a couple of slides. But you're not going through the full report. I want this
Kevin Kaspar: so that we can review it as your full. Why, before the why or you're gonna show tomorrow is just your top 2 or 3 insights, so you can make separate slides, or you can just know which ones you want to pull out. But, like, what did you
Kevin Kaspar: and which cluster are you going after? That's what we really want to hear tomorrow. Okay, here's high level. Here are the 2 clusters we identified. We're going after the second one, because Xyz, here's a key insight. Here's a quote that we found or a key insight was the poll from this cluster. Because, Xyz, just whatever is relevant to you and any implications that you're thinking about going forward. We'll probably that'll be our question in the Q&A, okay. So what are you doing next with this? So start thinking about that.
Kevin Kaspar: it's really up to you guys to think about what's most important to share. You're not gonna share all of this, but you do need to have it in your report. So some people write this all up in a Pdf. And then just make like 2 or 3 slides that they share, or you can put it all in slides, and you just know what you're gonna cover during the presentation. And then you post the whole thing. It's up to you guys. But you're not going through the whole report. You're only gonna have 4 min.
Kevin Kaspar: So let's go through some examples really quick. And this is due tomorrow.
Kevin Kaspar: It's not due tomorrow. It's if you're gonna present it tomorrow at 4.
Kevin Kaspar: Like, so yeah, it's due. But you're also going to present it. You're not just submitting it. It should be the same thing. Yeah. So like, it doesn't have to be 2 different things. You don't have to think of it as 2 different things. Most people just make it. And then they're like, I know what I want to highlight. So it's just one thing
Kevin Kaspar: I was saying. It's an option to do, too, for me personally like. It's hard for me to not just go through everything I put in a presentation, so I would just make 2 or make like a separate thing. But it's up to you guys
Kevin Kaspar: so really, quickly remember where this all comes from. This comes from, Jason Freed's. Why, before the why which I've posted before. That's where we got the title of this. But it's really just a job suite on synthesis. That's what Bobmaster would call it. So remember, I'm just jogging your memory. These were their clusters
Kevin Kaspar: very similar to this is
Kevin Kaspar: Zes.
Kevin Kaspar: So zest it's Jake Gutstein's company who's coming in tomorrow.
Kevin Kaspar: This was his. He had 4 clusters. He did not do the same presentation you guys are doing. I'll show you an example of that in a second. But he made this on his own, because he was one of 2 companies in his cohort that got through the end of job speed on. This was before we required it for everybody.
Kevin Kaspar: and they identified these 4 clusters. There's got to be a better way to spend my time. Remember, they were interviewing people who were just out of college who wanted to learn to cook.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't offer enough to the people I care about. I need to stop eating bad food. How can I get my friends to hang out with me. So which one did they end up going after first? st
Kevin Kaspar: It was
Kevin Kaspar: the social
Kevin Kaspar: I don't have 2 people I care about, or how can I get my fencing? It was a combination of those okay, cool. So that's what he ended up going after. And then I think they looped back and started like adding the healthy bit. And this one they did some marketing for this one, for sure, I remember. So that was Jake's, and we can actually ask Jake to like, explain you a little bit more in his workshop tomorrow.
Kevin Kaspar: But
Kevin Kaspar: which one do you want to do? Well, I just want to say one thing about this, because if you all want full value out of the Marcus Jake's we're flying, Jake. We are flying, Jake in, and we're investing in his time for the next 2 days, because he's a CEO. He's got a company. It's busy, so we want to make sure that time is valued. He I have. He and I had a call yesterday in preparation for this week, and he was like, Hey, how
Kevin Kaspar: like, how intense do we get?
Kevin Kaspar: He's absolutely done. And I said, Well, we're taking the gloves, though it's week 6. So he's like, Okay, so just so, you know, if you bring your a game, you're gonna get the maximum value. Because like, I said Bob Mesta.
Kevin Kaspar: out of the 150 companies I've invested in.
Kevin Kaspar: He's on one board, and he advises one company or another company. Nutrisense, my top performing company. He's done projects with.
Kevin Kaspar: and zest. He's on the board along with myself.
Kevin Kaspar: So Jake is more well trained on this than any founder I've ever worked with.
Kevin Kaspar: so you will get by far the most value if you bring your insights, and you put in real effort for jobs to be done with him over the next couple of days.
Kevin Kaspar: I also feel like Noah didn't say this, but
Kevin Kaspar: in the past programs the people who have put the most into this are the people he can help the most. In the second half of the program.
Kevin Kaspar: So and there, there's a correlation to the companies that are performing well, post program. And
Kevin Kaspar: how will they do this? So I'm gonna I'm gonna go a couple of minutes over. If if in 4 min you have a hard stop, just go I'm recording this, so I'll post this. But I don't want to rush through this. I'll take like 7 min of your time to go through this.
Kevin Kaspar: So this is club. Rec club. Rec. I chose because they're b 2 b. This is from our last cohort in the spring, and they did a really good job on this, like they knocked it out of the park.
Kevin Kaspar: This is what they presented. So it's not their full report with all of the evidence. This is what they presented. So club Recs
Kevin Kaspar: screening criteria was talent, acquisition leaders or business owners who have outsourced initial phone screens to an agency or staffing firm in the last 6 to 12 months. Pretty clear. Yeah, you have a question. Yeah, is that the screening criteria they started with because our screen criteria is kind of shifted as we've done the jobs to be done. So should we put the one we've landed on? Yeah, I think there's also this is what they landed on. Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: and you can provide different ones. If there's context for different insights, I want to call out at the top. They highlighted their learning objectives. So they were trying to pivot
Kevin Kaspar: and that's what they were seeking to learn. So that's why they did this pivoting to an agency they wanted to like. Learn about that process
Kevin Kaspar: to explore a potential pivot for themselves and who they should target. So that was what they wanted to learn. You can tell their recruiting software for businesses
Kevin Kaspar: what they learned
Kevin Kaspar: by uncovering deeper motivations behind actions via job speed. On interviews. We uncovered 3 underlying drivers as to why potential customers would actively shop to outsource the screening process.
Kevin Kaspar: So there's 3 clusters. My team is going to leave me. I'm just gonna read them out loud.
Kevin Kaspar: My recruiters are seen as incompetent.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't want to leave a bad taste in canvas mouth, so I'll start with this one, they added, like a little summary at the bottom. They added a little job to be done statement at the bottom. And one quote. So they actually read all 3 of these because they were short enough that they could fit in the time.
Kevin Kaspar: And then they told us how they're applying it, which these are their implications. So okay, we're taking those 3 clusters. And here's what we're doing. And then they included this, which they didn't go through. But this was an appendix slide. And then our 1st question was, Which one are you going after first? st
Kevin Kaspar: And I believe it's this one, because this is where the most energy is. If the team is about to leave them. That's like the most dire. So that's who they were going after first.st And then these are also pretty big pieces of energy. So they were going to circle back and address these 2 clusters.
Kevin Kaspar: This is really good, and they were able to change and start generating customer revenue. After figuring out who to target through this job process.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, next example.
Kevin Kaspar: any quick questions on club Rep.
Kevin Kaspar: This is all in the basecamp folder alumni samples right before the live. So you guys can.
Kevin Kaspar: No.
Kevin Kaspar: that's not they. So they just the people who pivoted to dental their presentation wasn't as good. So I didn't wanna show it up here. They figured that out in like week 8.
Kevin Kaspar: So it was a little bit later.
Kevin Kaspar: And when were we supposed to deliver on this again?
Kevin Kaspar: We gotta read the weekly overview. Yeah, like, the only thing is like, we're definitely not done dealing with all of our jobs to be done. So yeah, okay. So not everyone was completely done.
Kevin Kaspar: So I think, presenting what you have and clustering what you have. And if you're not done, you can explain, like what you have left to do or what you're going to do, and you can always book time with us to do to show your synthesis when you are finished. So if you're not done, and you don't want to do the full, clustering exercise because you don't have enough like. If you only have 4 you can't really cluster. Just tell us what you've learned so far.
Kevin Kaspar: and then plan to come and show us later when you do it. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: So you want us to
Kevin Kaspar: talk through our initial.
Kevin Kaspar: but
Kevin Kaspar: explain what's helpful for you to share with us so that we can help you next.
Kevin Kaspar: I think, whatever everyone started with that you pivoted away from is electro. Okay?
Kevin Kaspar: Do you want to do subit or Shabara to send the one more
Kevin Kaspar: you guys met Jayla? Remember she was up here as she did the culture setting for your cohort. It was really cool. She was on the alumni panel. This is her company. They did an incredible job. And I was the biggest skeptic. Just to be clear like I. It gives me nightmares to think about travel companies.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm specifically showing this for Dave. But this is relevant for everyone because they did a really good job. So this actually made Neil believe in travel companies
Kevin Kaspar: and believe in Shavada.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright. So
Kevin Kaspar: they realized they had 4 clusters. They had 3 clusters.
Kevin Kaspar: Remember their B to C. They're doing travel. They're doing regenerative regenerative travel. They thought that people wanted to go
Kevin Kaspar: specifically, I think, to save the planet, that the reason people were trying to do these like off the beaten path was because they cared so much about sustainability, and they realized there were some other reasons that people were also interested.
Kevin Kaspar: They were projecting their own values onto what they wanted their customers and consumers to do as opposed to understanding where their energy and needs were.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: cluster one. I am paying for them to care about the same things I care about.
Kevin Kaspar: We like nice things, and are happy to spend money on them, to make the most of our limited time off finding special places that make us feel good and allow us to relax while being conscious of our health, and the planet validates our choices and allows us to fully let go of any lingering guilt, so they're willing to pay more to not feel guilty about like traveling.
Kevin Kaspar: Very interesting.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh.
Kevin Kaspar: and then they included that she didn't go through this during the presentation. But she included, what is this group currently doing? What does this mean for us? So competitors and implications
Kevin Kaspar: cluster 2. I don't want to be that American tourist. They actually took that exact quote that they named the Cluster that. But that's a real quote that's now in their original pitch like that's part. That's how they opened Demo Day like that's from an interview, from jobs to be done. And they use that a lot. I love to go to new places all over the world and enjoy the immersion in new cultures, people, and food. But I want to make sure I get it right and don't offend anyone, embarrass myself or get lost.
Kevin Kaspar: And I definitely don't just want to be surrounded by other annoying Americans wherever I go. So that's extremely social. It's completely separate from like truly, just caring about the ecological like sustainability piece.
Kevin Kaspar: This is extremely social. I don't want to be embarrassed. I don't want to be around the annoying people. They clearly care about not offending people. They care about how they're seen, probably on social media. So that's completely different. They actually ended up going after this cluster. Yeah, I don't think they included it here, but it was people who had recently booked
Kevin Kaspar: a regenerative travel experience. So they had a handful of like competitors who also do that kind of thing or plan their own. So I gave her a few recommendations of people, and when we say, like regenerative, it was like off the beaten path. It was like they went where the locals were. They had, like some examples specifically in Hawaii and Thailand. So it was really specific. They knew what they were doing.
Kevin Kaspar: Can you go to the previous slide? Yeah, what does that mean? They were naming the people that they interviewed? I think that's the interview number. They're referencing the they had a code for who they interviewed, and who I thought they mentioned. Oh, they literally clustered, they clustered their people so based on these summaries, they referenced the people that they're drawing.
Kevin Kaspar: Do you remember, in my presentation I had 7, and I said, Interviewees 4, 6, and 7 are in the cluster.
Kevin Kaspar: They just added their names cluster 3. They split into 2. So it's basically cluster 3 and 4. I go off the beaten path. So this is someone who this is how I travel. It's either 5 stars or a thousand. I want my kids to experience the real way of seeing a place.
Kevin Kaspar: but now that I'm older and a parent, I also need more ease and safety. So we combine our off grid trips with luxury hotels we don't have to leave for a few days.
Kevin Kaspar: So that's a little different. They actually didn't end up targeting that cluster. And then I long for the way I used to travel, spontaneous and totally immersive. But now that I have kids. I'm too tired to plan a trip like that anymore. I need more ease and safety and a great activity for every day. So those people used to plan their own like, spend hours planning their own. Very like local. They would like do research and figure out the cool places. But now they're older or they have kids. So they just hired someone to do it.
Kevin Kaspar: So that was cool, too. They didn't end up going after that cohort.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? And then they added the motivations. They added their forces, and then they just went over these insights. They did not go through these 2 slides in their presentation. They're just there to support
Kevin Kaspar: And then our. This was their implication, their regenerative marketplace, that they were not generating revenue, and it wasn't really working
Kevin Kaspar: has become an immersive or off the beaten path marketplace that is also regenerative. So this is a huge shift that allowed them to start making revenue. They were providing something that they thought everyone wanted and no one was buying it. So from the jobs to be done, they realized they needed to update their inventory and language. So the experiences they were offering were not what people wanted and the way they were marketing. It was not what people wanted, so they did product and marketing shifts.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, did you want to add anything else?
Kevin Kaspar: Cool?
Kevin Kaspar: That was, that was the only other example I wanted to show. I highly recommend you guys check out Cicada, who was the other person in our alumni panel, the musician. He did a pivot based on his insights from this. This is really good. We don't have time right now. But definitely check that out. And then I also linked zest. You can look at it as well as some other ones that were really good.
Kevin Kaspar: These are all b 2 b except little
Kevin Kaspar: and coexist. Yeah, great job as well, literally coexist all they put in a lot of work in there, too. So we have a lot of good references to look at any final questions. Yeah, questions
Kevin Kaspar: you guys feel good about tomorrow.
Kevin Kaspar: So do you remember, Lisa? From the alumni that was on Zoom? She was the one that made that she doesn't need to be beautiful.
Kevin Kaspar: no drawings necessary. It's all about the content.
Kevin Kaspar: And remember to be brief, and take some time to really know what you want to share with us, because I don't want to cut you guys off when there's more to share. You know what you have time to share. So Don and Daniel are going to be in person David is going to be remote.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, let's put Daniel's group in the bay bridge 4th floor. They're gonna send it out. Write it up.